So let's focus on the middle detail screen for now.
So
the part here where we view the details his elected recipe.
Right now we just have the dummy content there of the middle details screen and that's of course not
the content I really want to have there.
Instead what should be in there.
Well if we have a look at our meal model it probably makes sense to have the image there.
Please keep in mind that the title already is shown in our header so it makes sense to have the image
here at the top maybe and below that maybe just again repeat duration affordability and complexity just
as we're doing it here below our recipe.
And then also below that list all the ingredients and the steps it takes to well make that dish so that's
in the end what I want to have on this page here on the meal detailed screen and Dafur.
I think it makes sense to first of all add a scroll view because we'll certainly have a lot of content
on there that will most likely not fit onto one screen and certainly not on all possible device sizes.
So I will add a scroll view here and wrap that around my my content here.
Now we'll have a couple of different sections here.
For example at the very top I want to have my image for this.
I will also import D the image component from React Native here So with that we can render an image
here not a background image but a normal image.
And I want to add this let's say here right at the top something like that.
Now after the image I want to have a view with the duration affordability and complexity as I mentioned
so basically the same setup we have in the meal item this year you could say and therefore I'll actually
copy the view from there and then we can adjust it as we need it here in the meal detailed screen.
So I'll just replace this view with the copy view.
Of course dad requires us to import default text component here.
So let's at this.
Let's import default text from components.
Default text so that's the next rule.
And there ofter I want to have my ingredients and the steps you need to execute.
So we can add some text here where we say ingredients and dare I want to also apply a style like styles
text title or something like this or just title
because I want to have some bold header here maybe increase the font size below that have my list of
ingredients so list of ingredients and that's of course not the final content instead we will render
a list here and below that I'll repeat this year because then I want to have a title where I say steps
and then a list of steps below that and now I'll get rid of this old content down there and that's what
I want to work with.
Now of course all the styles are missing and all the props iterations on that doesn't yield anything.
Instead we have to work with the selected meal here selected meal durations like meal complexities select
meal affordability and for the image for example I want to add a source here source since it's a network
image is an object with a you are I property which points at selected meal dot image you are L to load
this and we also need to apply a style there to set a width and height.
So here I want to point at Styles image let's say and all these styles are missing as I said let's add
that here for this style I also want to say styles dot details maybe because we're displaying the details
of this recipe and let's go down to the style sheet therefore remove the screen which we don't need
anymore.
Instead let's add image and details now for details we need to set the Flex direction to Roe because
that should be all the details in a row.
We can add a little bit of padding in all directions maybe all 15 and also add justify content of space
around to nicely distribute our detail items here that should be good.
In addition to that on the image here we also need to add a style there.
The width should be 100 percent let's say to take the full away level with and for height.
All go with 200.
Though of course you could dynamically calculate this with the dimensions API for example to always
take a certain fraction of the available height or simply play around with different values here.
I'll go with that and have a look here.
That doesn't look too shabby.
That's not too bad.
Now you could definitely also try some some bonus work here some bonus tasks end up for example a color.
These details simple affordable and the duration depending on whether it's Robert Short or depending
on the different values you have for simple for the complexity and the affordability.
It's not something I will do here but you can have a look at the meal date of course to see which values
we have there to derive what's short what's medium duration what's a long duration and to see which
values are getting used for complexity and so on and then you could actually add some if checks to apply
different styling to the different values we're out putting here in immediate detail screen for these
details so that you color the text differently depending on whether it's long or not it's not something
I'll do here because it's just says I'm extra work it doesn't really add much to the navigation which
is the focus of this module.
So instead I'll focus on ingredients and steps and their first step is to make sure that title here
is styled properly.
So let's add title to the style sheet and in there I'll add fun family and set this to open Sands bold
said the font size to 22 maybe and set the text aligned to center to centered text in the middle.
And with that if we check this does looks quite nice.
Now I also want to output my ingredients in my steps of course and for that it's important to understand
that in the dummy data these are a race.
These are my ingredients for example.
These are my steps and you see there's just text in these arrays so I just want to output my text here
as a list and I'll not use a flat list because you could do that you could have a scroll label containers
in there so to say but I was simply rendered ingredients and the steps on top of each other.
So here we can use a good old approach we know from vanilla react for react for web to it which I also
showed earlier in the course we can use our selected meal and they're doing Riggins which is an array
of strings and map this into an array of components.
That's how you can output a list of data and react and alter and react native.
And often you use flatness but here we don't need to because it's not an infinite amount.
So we don't need these optimizations and we have a wrapping scroll view around the entire screen.
So we will be able to also scroll if we're outputting more than fits on the screen so we're absolutely
fine using this approach.
And if we're here I will have my single ingredient in this map function and map is a method built into
JavaScript as you know.
And here we need to return J is X element now.
And what I want return is a text component where whereas simply output ingredient because ingredients
is an array of strings.
So ingredient is just a string.
And then here we also need to supply a key that's a requirement by react.
And we can use ingredient as a key because we'll always have each ingredient only once.
So that is guaranteed to be unique.
That's how our meals are set up.
And with that if we save this and we have a look at a recipe here we see our ingredients now for the
styling we can certainly do something there.
And I will do so in a second but before I do that let me repeat this for the steps here.
Replace this text with selected meal dot steps and then output each step here which is all just a string
which is also unique in a text with that added We should also see the steps for our meal indeed we do
now again styling can be improved a little bit and we'll do just that.
And I think it makes sense to create a separate component or a render function for this and it will
create a separate component will store it in the same file though because we really only use it in that
file.
But you could also create a new file totally up to you there.
I'll have my list item which receives props where I return.
And now here I want to use a view which I'm importing as a wrapper so that I can styled as container
and in there have my text root props children and now that view here we'll get a style from style stuff
list item maybe so that we can style this nicely.
And here of course I don't want to use text but actually default text.
Also here of course.
So did we take advantage of our own custom text.
Now for the list item style here let's go down to the style sheet and at list item and each list item
should have some margin a vertical margin of let's say 10 and a horizontal margin of let's say 20.
So more spacing to left and right and let's also maybe add a border color off a light grayish color
here with hashtag CCC and a border width of one.
We'll see how that looks like and then also add a little bit of padding in there 10 in all directions
and we'll see how that looks like.
Now we just need to make sure we use our list item component and we use it by returning that instead
of text here when outputting the ingredients we still pass ingredient between the opening and closing
tags of our own custom component because there we're using props children that does use the content
which we pass between opening and closing tax.
And we do the same for our steps with that.
Let's have a look at this yeah.
Doesn't look too bad get our steps here got our ingredients of course you can refine this styling fine
tune to your requirements to the way you wanted to look but I'm actually quite happy with that and with
that we got a basic detailed screen and of course this detailed screen also works for our favorites
because we're using one of the same screen there.
So that looks quite nice the filter screen is what's now missing.